well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
something brought on in part by a
message from a single mother rather
touching one and in part because some
sports ball player got dragged on
Twitter the day before yesterday because
he took his boys to the range which I
personally have no problem with the
reasons he took them that things that
were said and his teaching techniques
well there's a lot of room for criticism
that a lot but rather than relive all of
that criticism I noticed when he was
responding he talked about the bonding
experience and I get that you're some
famous whatever sport you spent a lot of
time on the road you want to create
memories of value with your kids I
understand that there's a movie called
major pain if you ever wondered about my
dad that's him I think that is him a lot
of this is no selling a joke it's not
before I left elementary school I could
tell you the difference between a fish
head a flanker and a fox bat a t-62 and
t-72 I had a sand table that most times
was used for my hot Wiggles in GI Joe
but it was also used to teach me the
difference between strategic operational
and tactical how to conduct ambushes and
cut supply lines I could break down most
NATO or Warsaw Pact small arms by the
time I left middle school I had shot
most of them now because my life path a
lot of that information actually turned
out to come in pretty handy I'm older
and slower today but I'm still more than
qualified to teach unarmed defense
so when my son my eldest wanted to learn
about it
you know what I did I took him outside
and sent him to somebody else it's not
the kind of contact I want to have with
my kid I don't a bond over violence if
it's really bonding
I value a lot of memories from childhood
building the models of those tanks and
planes physically building the sand
table using newspaper and masking tape
and spray paint to create the terrain I
value that really do but if you only
have a limited amount of time to spend
with your kid what kind of memories do
you really want to create do you really
want that positive feeling that they get
from spending time with you to be about
destruction
competitiveness destruction all of this
stuff the entire world is gonna teach
them you don't have to you don't have to
cooperation creation building that's
what they're gonna have to struggle to
learn that's where they need you one
most important things I think I learned
in my childhood was that you don't win
the next war by preparing for the last
there's a quote most times when this
quote is presented it's cut short and it
completely changes the meaning because
they cut it off I must study politics in
war that my stones may have Liberty to
study mathematics and philosophy and
that's where the quote normally ends
gives the impression that each
generation has to keep up on politics
and war to kind of keep it alive it's
not the whole quote I must study
politics and war that my sons may have
the Liberty to study mathematics and
philosophy my sons ought to study
mathematics and philosophy geography
Natural History naval architecture
navigation Commerce and agriculture in
order to give their children a right to
study painting poetry music architecture
statuary tapestry
and porcelain John Adams today
everybody everybody
most men anyway seem to want their kid
to be a warrior everybody wants their
kid to be a warrior right up until the
point it's time for them to leave and go
do warrior stuff then you don't want it
anymore
she realized it's not a game the thing
is that's preparing for the last war the
next war for Humanity survival is not
going to be fought by soldiers or
sailors and pilots it's going to be
fought by engineers architects and
philosophers we need to stop preparing
for the last war because the next war is
going to be different we don't need more
killers we need more engineers you want
them to win the next war focus on that
anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
and I